Update the formal verification section in README (#1570)
aws/aws-lc: README.md

[AWS-LC Formal Verification](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-lc-verification),
the checks are run in AWS-LC’s CI on every change. The algorithms that have been
verified on certain platforms with caveats include:
| Algorithm | Variants | Platform   |
| ----------| ------------| -----------
| SHA-2 | 384, 512 | SandyBridge+ |
| SHA-2 | 384 | neoverse-n1, neoverse-v1 |
| HMAC | with <nobr>SHA-384</nobr> | SandyBridge+ |
| <nobr>AES-KW(P)</nobr> | 256 | SandyBridge+ |
| Elliptic Curve Keys and Parameters | with <nobr>P-384</nobr> | SandyBridge+ |
| ECDSA | with <nobr>P-384</nobr>, <nobr>SHA-384</nobr> | SandyBridge+ |
| ECDH | with <nobr>P-384</nobr> | SandyBridge+ |
| HKDF | with <nobr>HMAC-SHA384</nobr> | SandyBridge+ |

The platforms for which code is verified are defined in the following table.

| Platform        | Description |
| --------------- | ------------|
| SandyBridge+ | x86-64 with AES-NI, CLMUL, and AVX.

> | SandyBridge-Skylake | x86-64 with AES-NI, CLMUL, and AVX, but not AVX-512.

Reviewer: `SandyBridge-Skylake` is not listed with any of the algorithms above, should it be?

Author: Good catch, this one is for the old AES-GCM bounded proof that we disabled because of unsupported SAW feature. I will remove it for now.

[AWS-LC Formal Verification](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-lc-verification),
the checks are run in AWS-LC’s CI on every change. The algorithms that have been

> verified on certain platforms with caveats include:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
verified on certain CPUs with caveats include:
```

> | Algorithm | Variants | Platform   |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Algorithm | Parameter(s) | CPU(s) |
```

| ----------| ------------| -----------
| SHA-2 | 384, 512 | SandyBridge+ |
| SHA-2 | 384 | neoverse-n1, neoverse-v1 |
| HMAC | with <nobr>SHA-384</nobr> | SandyBridge+ |
| <nobr>AES-KW(P)</nobr> | 256 | SandyBridge+ |
| Elliptic Curve Keys and Parameters | with <nobr>P-384</nobr> | SandyBridge+ |
| ECDSA | with <nobr>P-384</nobr>, <nobr>SHA-384</nobr> | SandyBridge+ |
| ECDH | with <nobr>P-384</nobr> | SandyBridge+ |
| HKDF | with <nobr>HMAC-SHA384</nobr> | SandyBridge+ |

> The platforms for which code is verified are defined in the following table.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The CPUs for which code is verified are defined in the following table.
```

> | Platform        | Description |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| CPU        | Description |
```

| --------------- | ------------|
| SandyBridge+ | x86-64 with AES-NI, CLMUL, and AVX.
| neoverse-n1 | aarch64 without SHA512.
| neoverse-v1 | aarch64 with SHA512.

For more details on verified API functions, caveats and technology used, check the [AWS-LC Formal Verification](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-lc-verification) repository.

> In addition, we use assembly from [s2n-bignum](https://github.com/awslabs/s2n-bignum) for a subset of the big number arithmetic routines on x86_64 and aarch64. These routines are formally verified using HOL Light.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In addition, we use assembly from [s2n-bignum](https://github.com/awslabs/s2n-bignum) to implement algorithms or sub-routines for x86_64 and aarch64. The assembly is formally verified using HOL Light.
```

> | Routines | Platform   |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Algorithm/Routine | CPU |
```

| ----------| ------------|
| RSA Montgomery multiplication | aarch64 |
| P-384 field operations | aarch64, x86_64 |
| P-512 field operations | aarch64, x86_64 |

> | Curve25519 operations | aarch64, x86_64 |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| x25519 | aarch64, x86_64 |
```

Author: I won't call x25519 verified since it is not verified up to the C functions as I understand.

> | Ed25519 operations | aarch64 |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Ed25519 | aarch64, x86_64 |
```

Author: Nice catch on `x86_64`. But similarly, I won't call Ed25519 fully verified because the [C functions](https://github.com/aws/aws-lc/blob/main/crypto/curve25519/curve25519.c) are not verified.
